cannot
Watanabe fishing
He hurt my son
It's not too much for me to chop him a few times
He is the prey of Kameda-san
Only Kameda is qualified to stop him
One day my boss has ordered me to live
I'm going to take him to the dangerous officer right now
But he is alive
Yes, we will control the Dragon Temple in the future.
Has great benefits
Son is not as good as him
Brother understands
Hi.
tranquility
You just said that Luo Yong will collude with the nest thief
It's to hide from a tiger
But you've fallen into their company
Say something about me again, I don't need to explain it to you
Miss Lin, the performance of Chief Kameda to your Jackie
Very satisfied.
Already allowed to come with me
Take your palace down to meet him
Kameda-san said
To reward your bravery and loyalty in person
Thank you, Watanabe
Tie him up for me and find him again
Bring him up to me
verbose
Now you can drive Miss Lin's car home
Go and reunite with your son
Hi hahaha